[[OVERVIEW]]
Aldraheimr is a mythic historical fantasy world set in the early medieval ages. It is not specifically a low or high fantasy setting because those terms don't have a strict definition, and this world just so happens to sit exactly in the middle, leaning toward low fantasy. This project started in July 2023.
My goal with this project is to build a semi-realistic early medieval world, with only a few classical and stereotypical fantasy elements. Because of the lack of grandiosity and wonder, the average man can live a normal (and historical) life without seeing a bit of magic unless he seeks it out or when rare fate strikes. Mythologies and cultures this world takes from are mainly Norse, but it also has some Celtic, Roman, Norman, Slavic, Persian, Chinese, Thai, Maori, and Native American.

The current year is AD 973, and the time of the year is currently Early February. People wage war over political beliefs, religion, hatred, and conquest. Many weapons, technology, and architecture are based on the Late Roman Period to the Late Viking Ages or anything that was from the first ten centuries AD. Structures like ring fortresses are built. Still, monsters like zombies, skeletons, elementals, and dragons exist, but they are not as powerful as most fantasy worlds portray them.

Magic in this world is soft, and there are six types of it. There are four folk magics, which are all shamanic or ritualistic. These magics allow casters to see omens, get visions, curse people, shapeshift, and perform other similar powers. Except for galdrastafir, these magics aren't very flashy. Sometimes, unless you are aware of these magics, you won't even notice they're being cast. There is also sorcery, the only war magic that exists, but it doesn't have any elemental spells. Sorcery is learned, but sorcery is only taught in southern regions. These magics are intentionally designed not to overpower warriors and fortifications. 

Medieval Stasis: The gods want to see competition and progress in strength. Still, new technology can be developed, but they will likely be lost due to thieves, bandits, and war. Technology is currently comparable to earth's 1st to 10th century, will develop until the highest point of technology is comparable to earth's 12th - 14th century.



[[GAME/ROLEPLAYING (Author's note: Ignore this for now)]]
Craftsmanship things:
	Common: Woodworking, Leatherworking (not shoes) Metalworking, Lumberjack, Miner
	Uncommon: Stone mason
	Rare: Calligraphers

Shops:
	Common: Shoemakers, farmers
	Uncommon: Woodcarvers, arms dealers, non-gemstone orb sellers
	Rare: Magic scrolls sellers, gemstone orb sellers

Trainers:
	Common: Axe, Spear, Mace
	Uncommon: Sword, Longaxe, Magic academies Level 1-5
	Rare: Magic academies Level 6-10

Average household (about 14 people):
	age 1-20  x5
	age 21-40 x4
	age 41-60 x3
	age 61+   x2

Civilizations ("rarity: uncommon" = "rarity: common + uncommon"):
	Village:  200  people (common crafters and shops)
	Town:     2000 people (uncommon crafters and shops)
	City:     6000 people (rare crafters and shops)
	Fortress: 70  people (1 ruler + 9 ruler's family + 20 guards + 40 garrisoned soldiers)

Available Classes (if converted to DnD):
	Fighter classes (No magic involved):
		Fighter (Practice some sort of martial arts using a melee weapon or with bare fists)
		Archer (Practice bows, or crossbows)
		Rogue (Practice the art of stealing and sneaking)

	Caster classes (Magic involved, almost no melee involved):
		Seer (Draws power from essence/presence of a god)
		Druid (Take care of nature so the fey give you fey powers)
		Sorcerer (Be born with magic powers)
		Wizard (Study hard to get magic powers)

	Fighter + Archer = Ranger
	Fighter + Seer = Cleric
	Fighter + being religious = Paladin
	Low level fighter + Non-magical healing skills or tonic/medicine making skills = Bard
	Evil druid = Warlock
