Loroðil the Galdrarcrafter (Lorothil)

Male
Age: 30
Alignment: Lawful Neutral

Homeland:  Barastaðr, Oddarsveldi
Race:      Human



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Loroðil has wavy shoulder-length dark blond hair, dark blue eyes that have an intense and powerful gaze, and fair skin. He stands at a height of 5'9".

Loroðil wears a black hooded cloak with simple brown embroidery around the hems and a simple metal clasp to conceal himself. Underneath his cloak, he wears a long blue tunic with simple brown embroidery around the hems and a split down the middle, brown pants, a buckled ring belt, and a pair of boots. For his jewelry, he has a magic silver circlet, a silver Talmundúr amulet, and a high-quality amber necklace. He carries a sheathed longseax and a pouch on his belt.

Loroðil lives in an isolated longhouse two kilometers north of Barastaðr. Every day, he can be seen walking to the main village and wandering around the market area, then back to his longhouse.

Loroðil's sword has been applied with Iron Grease of Magic (fire), which causes his sword to burn things when struck.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Loroðil is loyal, observant, and analytical, being able to spot any hint of deception and make out the true intentions of people faster than anyone. He also feels some responsibility towards his town village, but when he is forced to do something he doesn't like, he would find a workaround or find some excuse to not do that. He mostly keeps to himself and doesn't want to directly involve himself in the affairs of other people. When he travels, he cloaks himself for the first week or two to assess his new environment first.

Sometimes Loroðil can act cold-hearted or even villainous, due to past experiences. But he actually feels quite lonely, as most people view him as being unfriendly.

Loroðil has this small obsession with purchasing small figurines and trinkets, as he likes to try and infuse them with magic through potion-soaking.



[[ABILITIES]]
Loroðil is a traveler whose main weapon is a longseax and his potions. His combat ability is higher than the average fighter.

Loroðil can speak a total of four languages. His mother tongue is Oddarish, and he also knows Heorthlandic and Abyssal. He also knows how to read Banodic and speak it if he's reading from a script or memorized a line beforehand.



[[MAGIC ITEMS | ITEMS WITH MAGICAL PROPERTIES]]
[Circlet of Shielding]
Loroðil's silver circlet is enchanted. When Loroðil is attacked with a weapon or a projectile, the circlet has a fifty percent chance to conjure a white shimmering shield to absorb the attack. The shield's damage can absorb up to a heavy crossbow's bolt. If the shield takes a blow and cannot recover, or tries to absorb anything greater than what it can take, it shatters and whatever attack goes right through and hits Loroðil. Once the circlet activates, it cannot activate again until the next day.



[[GRIMOIRE]]
	Potions: All advanced tier potions.

	Staves:
		Gapaldur
		Vegvisir
		Toustefna

	Intricate Staves:
		Ægishjalmur
		Antiburn
		Brynslustafir
		Repel Demons
		Repel Evil
		Lesser Hagall
		Hulinhjalmur
