Hjalvir the Uncoverer

Male
Age: Early 40s
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral

Homeland:  Álahringr, Iceland
Race:      Human

Daughter:  Sága



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Hjalvir is an explorer who lives in Álahringr. He has a lean body and is around 5'8" in height. His short hair is black, his eyes are pale green, and has fair skin. He has a beard. His eyes are deep-set, and his gaze can be described as "withering", even though it doesn't actually do anything.

He wears a dark cloak, a muted red tunic, dark pants, a ring belt, and a pair of shoes. When in combat, he wears a chainmail hauberk and a Gjermundbu helmet (with chainmail mask). He wears a iron Talmundúr amulet.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Hjalvir is arrogant, and sometimes a little rowdy. He likes to talk to people but can be a little stubborn and argumentative, usually defending anything he believes until he is directly proven wrong. However he can be explorative, wanting to see something for himself rather than merely listening to stories of it. Because of his explorative personality, he is willing to join any adventuring or exploring party just to experience the "old stories".

Examples: (Voice should be: commanding and story-like)
"The wind falters! Right, all of you! Get yourself an oar and prepare rowing."
"Come to the back."
"Where are those fools? They were behind us!"
"I don't remember you joining me. You are called...?"
"So you return!"
"Someone must have led them here. Who led them here? Did you?"
"I see nothing curse-like about him. And fleeing a guard? That means he could be an outlaw!"
"Fine. But if this happens again, I'll have you done!"
"What about you, did you find the ship I asked?"

"And you, explain yourself. Leaving the hall so suddenly? Did you meant to betray us?!"


[[ABILITIES]]
Hjalvir can speak Oddarish as his native language. Hjalvir practices with a dane axe, and owns one in his home.

When Hjalvir fights with his dane axe, he is more defensive, as he would usually wait for his opponents to strike first. And if not, he would taunt them.
